sexual assault can almost happen anywhere in public places and private
places, but they tend to happen more often, Um, and in intimate settings
at the job. Then, uh, if you're working with another person, um,
and you find them sexually attractive in a isolated location, those
tend to be high risk areas. Uh, for me, as a chief, when I'm giving
counseling, I always try toe have the door open, because when you
have, uh, a person that that that could happen with and you have the
door shut, then you know words gonna happen. Um, especially like,
if if the two of you don't really, um, connect so much, then you know,
like false accusations can fly. So those air scenarios that you tryto
have other people around so that they can kind of diffuse the situation
or at least like make sure that, um, words aren't sad and touching
aren't going on. Um, and it zips in the wide open area outside
of work. The obvious places are bars and clubs, you know, even though
it's ah very public setting because you don't feel as much, um,
stress due to the job, um, like people are actually looking at at you,
you know, like thinking about sexual assault. You let down your
guard and you get a little bit more touchy, You know, out there in the
drunk E you know, like, uh, hanging out areas and stuff. So, yeah,
clubs bars isolated areas on the ship.